For each assignment, copy this file into your homework
submission directory and answer all questions.

Did you write all the code yourself?
   - Don't copy and paste code from the internet, your
     classmates, sample solutions, or anywhere else.
     Review https://stevens.netmeister.org/631/#plagiarism


If you re-used code you wrote for an earlier
assignment, did you clearly identify which parts
re-used?


If this assignment allowed the use of AI, did you
include the original prompt in your README?


Does your code follow the style guide?
   - Code is communication.  Make sure your code is
     readable, well-structured, properly indented,
     with sensibily named variables and functions.


Does your code compile without warnings or errors on a
NetBSD 10.0 system?
  - Always use *at least* 'cc -Wall -Werror -Wextra',
    possibly
    'cc -g -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wformat=2 -Wjump-misses-init -Wlogical-op -Wpedantic -Wshadow'.


Did you provide a Makefile?
  - 'make' should use the above CFLAGS and produce an
    executable
  - use suffix rules to compile individual .c files


Did your provide a README to explain any problems or
issues I encountered?
  - Make sure that your text is well-formatted, plain
    ASCII in proper English.  Use a spell checker.
  - Break your text at around 80 characters.


Did you check the return value of all functions that
could fail?
  - Commonly unchecked functions include: malloc(3),
    gmtime(3), stat(2)


Did you send error messages to stderr?  Did you use
strerror(3) or perror(3) etc. to print meaningful
error messages?


Did you make sure that my .h files only include function
forward declarations, macros, etc., no function
implementations or other code?


Did you check that your code implements the best
practices we discussed (e.g., avoidance of magic
numbers, code duplication, appropriate use of
subroutines, comments, ...)?


For any string manipulation, did you use size-bounded
functions?
  - Use strlcat(3)/strlcpy(3) instead of
    strcat(3)/strcpy(3) etc.
